[CLOUDCRAFT-389] Activate your AWS Marketplace Cloudcraft subscription (#23038)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloudcraft/getting-started/activate-aws-marketplace-cloudcraft-subscription.md

---
title: Activate your AWS Marketplace Cloudcraft subscription
kind: documentation
---

## Overview

> [A Cloudcraft subscription can be bought through the AWS Marketplace][1]. This guide will show you how to activate your Cloudcraft subscription after you have purchased it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Cloudcraft subscription can be bought through the [AWS Marketplace][1]. This guide shows you how to activate your Cloudcraft subscription after you have purchased it.
```

## Activate your subscription

1. In the **AWS Console**, navigate to [the **AWS Marketplace** page][2].

> 2. Click the **Manage subscriptions** button in the **Get started** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Manage subscriptions** in the **Get started** section.
```
